---
layout: page
title: Unity Games Privacy Policy
---

# Privacy Policy
Last updated: 2024.04.05

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

# Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

**Application** refers to the Game.

**Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Giant Cobayo.

**Device** means any device that can be used to run the Application such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

**Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

**Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

**Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## From the Company

The **Company** does not collect any **Personal data**, and does not display advertising of any kind in the **Application**.

## From other Service Providers

### Unity

The **Application** is develop using Unity (https://unity.com/), and as such carries the privacy policy applied from them.

You can see the complete **Unity's Game Player and App User Privacy** at https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-policy and **FAQ** at https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-faq

**Unity** collects **Personal Information**. Some or all of the following information about your **Device**: unique device identifiers (e.g., IDFV for iOS devices and Android ID for Android devices); IP address; country of install (mapped from IP address); device manufacturer and model platform type (iOS, Android, Mac, Windows, etc.) and the operating system and version running on your system or device; language; CPU information such as model, the number of CPUs present, frequency, and instruction set support flags; the graphics card type and vendor name; graphics card driver name and version (e.g., “nv4disp.dll 6.10.93.71”); which graphics API is in use (e.g., “OpenGL 2.1” or “Direct3D 9.0c”); amount of system and video RAM present; current screen resolution; version of the Unity Editor used to create the game; sensor flags (e.g., device support for gyroscope, touch pressure or accelerometer); application or bundle identification (“app ID”) of the game installed; unique advertising identifiers provided for iOS and Android devices (e.g., IDFA or Android Ad ID); and a checksum of all the data that gets sent to verify that it transmitted correctly.

The **Company** does not utilize Unity’s Analytics, deltaDNA services or Ad services offered by Unity.

# Children's Privacy

Our **Application** does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please notify **Unity** of this at **DPO@unity3d.com**.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

# Request Data Deletion

Since the **Company** does not collect any **Personal Information**, instead we will required you direct these request to **Unity's Data Protection Team** instead.

You can contact **Unity** at **DPO@unity3d.com**

# Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you need to contact the **Company** you can do so by sending an email at **privacy@giantcobayo.com**
